I am talking about another tractor which is used by very popular
banks, where insurance is bad.
Friends, if you have ever applied for a home loan, then
you must have noticed
that the bank charges interest for setting up the loan
and if the development bank does
not do it completely and the property
remains in its name, then it has
full right to disclose the interest. So, due to this, here
due to home loan insurance, you have to consider the
age of your husband and on that you have to pay a
single premium of up to a good few lakh rupees for home insurance.
Now, if you do not have that much, then
we will add it to your account. So, if you
decide on a premium of even ₹1000 for a big development home insurance, then it means that
you will have to pay interest on that premium amount also. The reason
behind this is that
friends, if you
take insurance and that too by paying a single premium,
then the first loss is that
whenever you keep prepaying it in future,
you will get insurance coverage. The second thing which the
bank does not know is that when you
transfer many things to someone else, then the
insurance amount of yours goes to that person.  The
insurance contractor is fine there itself,
so the insurance is not transferred with your loan, so
when you go to a new accountant and transfer your loan, then
there too you have to get the
insurance separately without any button, so here the
premium of Rs 1 lakh that you paid got lost, the
bank did not tell you this and along with this, the
second thing that you need to know is that the
insurance bank can absolutely insist you to
deposit asset, this legal change, you have to
take it from the bank only, there is
no such lock anywhere, that is, if you
take a term plan separately, whose premium you can pay throughout the
board, you can also pay it
and I release this thing
that you take insurance, you
also take a term plan, if you do it little by little
with your conviction,
according to your body minutes, then it will
always be an inorbit for your pocket, it will give you
relief, video did not a specific and here in
single premium, you have to
pay this much all at once, that too by keeping the bank balance and
you get interest on it, so it is
more expensive than this f4 and  Nothing can be done, so
here you have the option that you can
take separate time from outside, here
you can also pack the premium by doing small ministries, it can be a
little
festival, take it from outside or do it on stage,
but still it is in your benefit, development, when in
future you also want to transfer the loan, then
this insurance that you have taken from outside will
remain independent,
it will not be disturbed at all here and as
you keep paying the loan further, the
volume does not decrease here, this potato Samrat
means if you have taken a term plan of Rs 50 lakh, there is a
loan of Rs 50 lakh, then
due to 8 to 10 years the loan of Rs 50 lakh becomes Rs 30 lakh, then
your
instant coverage increases, it
remains ₹5000000, so here the
insurance is independent,
if you do not take home loan insurance from the bank and take
50 lakh from outside, then that thing
is more beneficial.